- [Instructor] So let's take a look
at a couple of the use cases for Serverless technologies.
Autoscaling web apps is definitely a very niche proposal
within Serverless for many people,
but it is a use case that can be leveraged.
Autoscaling is the primary benefit of this.
By building a web application
that responds to a traditional HTTP request,
you get autoscaling essentially for free
with the Serverless footprint on many cloud providers.
Therefore, as your request volume increases,
Serverless can really start to shine
as you don't have to build your app, per se,
to be fault tolerant and resilient to the scaling need
because Serverless takes care of much of that for you.
Another benefit here
is that there's minimal initial setup to get this scaling.
You simply write your web application
and then as it becomes more and more popular,
Serverless will handle
the scaling needs of your application.
Now, I do want to point out once again,
that you need to be careful as sustained volume increases.
If you find that your application becomes so popular
that it's used constantly
throughout the day at a high volume,
you may actually start to get benefits
from moving away from Serverless
into a more traditional VM environment.
Now, event streaming is a use case
that I most often use for Serverless
in a cloud native world.
Much of event streaming is based on asynchronous actions,
and we've already talked about
how Serverless can really shine in asynchronous actions.
Events through your streaming model
can trigger these functions to operate
and manipulate data as needed.
As always with Serverless,
you get built in scalability
because of the way that the framework operates.
This can be very useful in observability processing
and transformation of that data.
In fact, a large majority of the use cases
that I have used Serverless technologies for
wrap around the use of observability
specifically around security patterns
within an application space.
Now, be careful with this use case
as sprawl and dependent triggers starts to increase,
it can make your Serverless model that much more complex.
Now file manipulation
is another one of those use cases that just naturally works.
Anytime you upload or manipulate files, videos, or images,
those can be triggers in many cloud providers naturally
for Serverless functions.
Many times these occur on save or delete actions,
they can also occur with moves
because those are just saves and deletes in many patterns.
And again, we're dealing with asynchronous processing.
As we save the file,
this trigger occurs after that point,
therefore it becomes an asynchronous action.
You can also use this in many use cases
where you're pushing data to live data stores
based on some action.
Again, it's giving you this opportunity
to do something after the fact
and push data or manipulate data as you need it.
And once again, be careful here when using this use case.
Intense processing needs
can start to overrun the Serverless benefits,
and of course there's debugging, which often has to happen
with these large complex tasks that tend to get associated
with file manipulation,
especially around videos and imaging.
Now, another one of the primary use cases
are around connectors within a cloud native environment.
Cloud providers often provide connectors
to Serverless functions.
These give you remote system operations,
not just within your cloud provider,
but truly with SAS models
where you need to execute some action
based on a remote system trigger.
These third party operations, in addition
to leveraging the benefits of the cloud provider,
can give you an asynchronous gate
but one that's air gapped away from your primary runtime,
and Serverless tends to fit really well in this model.
These disjointed applications
don't really need live connectivity,
but need a way to communicate with each other
over some sort of a triggered mechanism.
And I've said this word triggered a lot
because a lot of times
that's how we think of Serverless functions.
Some trigger executes some function,
and it continues down this path,
and we see this a lot with third-party operations
where we're interacting with a SAS provider,
and either they're sending us event
or we're sending them an event,
and at some point, these Serverless functions
tend to fit the bill.